Docs 2459 (#1433)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/api/accounts/charges.md

---
weight: 372
meta_title: "API - Charges - MultiSafepay Docs"
meta_description: "Sign up. Build and test your payments integration. Explore our products and services. Use our API Reference, SDKs, and wrappers. Get support."
---

{{< code-block >}}

> POST /accounts/{affiliated_id}/charges

```json 
{
   "amount" : 10000,
   "currency" : "EUR",
   "order_id" : "Charge_id_1234",
   "description" : "Monthly fees",
   "var1" : null,
   "var2" : null,
   "var3" : null
}
```

> Response

```json
{
    "data": {
        "amount": 10000,
        "costs": [],
        "created": "2021-06-29T11:00:48",
        "currency": "EUR",
        "debit_credit": "D",
        "description": "Monthly fees",
        "financial_status": "completed",
        "order_id": "Charge_id_1234",
        "payment_method": null,
        "site_id": null,
        "status": "completed",
        "transaction_id": "1234567",
        "type": "merchant_settlement",
        "var1": null,
        "var2": null,
        "var3": null 
    },
    "success": true
}
```

{{< /code-block >}}
{{< description >}}
## Charges

> As a partner or primary account holder, use charges to move funds from an affiliated account's balance to your own. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a partner or primary account holder, use /charges to move funds from an affiliated account balance to your own. 
```

> As a partner or primary account holder, use charges to move funds from an affiliated account's balance to your own. 

Author: ```suggestion
As a partner or primary account holder, move funds from an affiliated account's balance to your own. 
```

By default, charges are disabled. Contact your account manager to enable charges for your account.

### Request parameters

**affiliated_id** | query parameter

The account ID of the affiliated account that is to be debited. **Required**.

**amount** | integer 

The amount to charge in cents. **Required**.

**currency** | string

The currency you want to charge the affiliated account in. **Required**.  
**Format**: [ISO-4217](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html)

**order_id** | string 

Your unique identifier for the charge. **Required**. 

**description** | string

A description for the transaction. The description is displayed in the affiliated account and your account. **Optional**. 

**var1** | string

> A variable used to store additional data. **Optional**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A variable for storing additional data. **Optional**.
```

**var2** | string

> A variable used to store additional data. **Optional**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A second variable for storing additional data. **Optional**.
```

**var3** | string

> A variable used to store additional data. **Optional**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A third variable for storing additional data. **Optional**.
```
